Cowdog Game Store Card Game Rules:
Each player has a deck of 50 cards. 6 of those cards must be a Super Berry. There are 2 formats, Preconstructed and Free-Form. In preconstructed players have to play a deck the way it is prebuilt and sold. Free-Form lets players mix different decks to make a new deck.
Player roll of to see who goes first. Players draw 7 cards at the start of the game. They can pick and choose any card to put it on the bottom and draw an equal number of cards once. Each player starts their turn by drawing a card. They can then in any order attach 1 Berry each turn, use an ability on a creature twice per turn, play or evolve a creature once per turn, use their once per game ability to swap a creature in hand with a creature from the discard, or play a spell any number of spells. When done with actions the next player makes their turn. When a player draws and there is no card to draw from their library they lose the game.
Creatures are the main source for a player to win the game. They can be placed once per turn. Stage 1 creatures can be placed on the battlefield in an empty space. Stage 2 and Stage 3 creatures need to be placed on the corresponding creature listed on the card. Each creature has at least 1 ability. Abilities cost 1 or more elements of berries or Super Berries which can be any element. Certain abilities require Super Berries to do.
Spells are one time effects that can be played in response to abilities or placing cards or on your turn. Each spell has a cost of berries. To play the spell discard up-right berries in play or exile a berry from your discard or exile sideways berries in play.
There are 2 different kinds of berries. Element Berries that include Fire, Water, Nature, Light, Shadow, Void, Metal, Air, and Electric. If a card says it needs a berry of a certain element to use then you need the match berry. Super Berries can count as any element. When you force an opponent to discard a card from hand or deck and it is a Super Berry the player that forced the discard can take that Super Berry and attach it to one of their creatures. If there is no valid creature then it goes to the player that initiated the discard.

Keywords:
Plunder X: target opponent discards X cards from the top of their deck
Pillage X: player discards X cards from the top of their deck
Stun X: up to X target creatures cannot use any abilities until the end of their next turn. Active effects remain
Active: As long as the creature has the required berries then that abilities effect is always on
Recycle X: put X cards from your discard on the bottom of the deck in any order

Scorching Fire Deck List:
7 Super Berry
16 Fire Berry
4 Firespore: Tier 1; 1 Fire Berry Plunder 2
4 Firespitter: Tier 1 Firespore; 2 Fire Berry Plunder 3
4 Fireking: Tier 2 Firespitter; 3 Fire Berry Plunder 5; 2 Super Berry Plunder 1 For Each Berry Attached To This Creature
4 Firepup: Tier 1; 2 Fire Berry Pillage 2; 1 Fire Berry Plunder 1
4 Firewolf: Tier 2 Firepup; 2 Super Berry Active: When Pillaging Recycle An Equal Amount; 2 Fire Berry Pillage 3
2 Fire Famine: Tier 1; 1 Super Berry Active: When Pillaging A Berry Attach It To A Creature; 2 Fire Berry Pillage 4
3 Removal: 3 Colorless Send A Creature And All Attached Berries To The Discard
2 Reinforce: 2 Fire Berry Play a creature you would normally be able to play that was Pillaged this turn

Crashing Wave Deck List:
7 Super Berry
16 Water Berry
4 Water Spirit: Tier 1; 1 Water Berry Plunder 2
4 Water Sprite: Tier 2 Water Spirit; 2 Water Berry Plunder 3; 2 Water Berry Stun 1
4 Water Ruler: Tier 3 Water Sprite; 1 Super Berry Discard Any Number Of Attached Berries to Discard an equal amount of your choice of attached berries from an enemy; 2 Water Berry Plunder 3
4 Water Constrictor: Tier 1; 1 Water Berry Stun 1; 1 Water Berry Plunder 2
4 Water Binder: Tier 2 Water Constrictor; 2 Water Berry Stun 2; 2 Water Berry Plunder 3
2 Water Crash: Tier 1; 3 Super Berry Plunder 5
3 Removal: 3 Colorless Send a Creature and all attached berries to the discard
2 Disable: 1 Colorless Stun 1
